INA-7891: Extract off-topic sections from "Describe incident" documentation (#30917)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/incident_management/declare.md

You can declare an incident from multiple places within the Datadog platform, such as a graph widget on a dashboard, the Incidents UI, or any alert reporting into Datadog.

## Declaration modal

When you declare an incident, a declaration modal appears. This modal has several core elements:

| Incident elements  | Description |
| ------------------ | ----------- |
| Title              | (Required) A descriptive title for the incident. |
| Severity Level     | (Required) By default, severity ranges from SEV-1 (most severe) to SEV-5 (least severe). You can customize the number of severities and their descriptions in Incident Management settings.
| Incident Commander | The person assigned to lead the incident response. |

> You can [configure][7] Incident Management to include more fields in the incident declaration modal or require certain fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure [Incident Management Settings][2] to include more fields in the incident declaration modal or require certain fields.
```

I assume you want to point to the this page, but correct me if I'm wrong! https://docs.datadoghq.com/service_management/incident_management/incident_settings/information/
